#summary Frequently Asked Questions
#labels Featured

=== Do I need to install a Gravatar plugin in order to use MBLA's Gravatar features? ===
No, MBLA is a stand alone plugin, which doesn't require any additional plugins to run.

=== I have configured everything, but nothing happens on my comments page ===
  # Have you remembered to configure the HTML page as well?
  # Have you remembered to add the PHP code to your theme template?
  {{{
<?php if(function_exists('MyAvatars')) MyAvatars(); ?>
  }}}

=== I have created/uploaded a cache folder, but it's empty and no avatars are showing up ===
Does the webserver have write access to the cache folder? This can usually be checked (and changed) with a FTP program. If you have created a cache folder specifically to MBLA, then you can safely change the folder permissions to 777 (`rwxrwxrwx`)

=== The avatar does show up on my comments page, but the page looks very messed up ===
Make sure that you use well formed HTML on the HTML option page. Remember to close all HTML tags you use.

=== Can I add these avatars to a page as well as comments? ===
Yes, of course. There are no difference in how you set it up. Just make sure that you configure the HTML on the HTML option page as well as adding the following PHP code to your template page:
  {{{
<?php if(function_exists('MyAvatars')) MyAvatars(); ?>
  }}}

=== Why are there two different MBLA versions with the same version number? ===
You are most likely refering to v0.29 and v0.29_debug_version and the reason is that the debug version shouldn't be used in a live environment. Both version are very identical except for the extra debug feature. For now you should only activate the debug version if you have any problems and then revert back to the regular version when done debugging.

=== How do I use the debug function ===
First of all you need to make sure that you are using one of the debug version i.e. v0.29_debug_version. Then you have to navigate to the page you wish to debug and finally add `debug=1` to the URL. If there already is a question mark in the URL, then add `&debug=1` instead.

This should load the page in debug mode and place a file called `mbla_yyyymmdd_hhmmss.log` (where the yyyymmdd_hhmmss indicates a date and time stamp) in your MBLA cache directory.

As you can imagine, then this WILL put some extra load time on the page, hence the reason that you should revert back to a regular release after debugging.