#summary History of this plugin
#labels Featured
=== 2007-01-10 - v0.2 ====
http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/star.png Initial 'release'. Idea and credits for this release goes fully to [http://www.napolux.com/2006/12/14/myavatars-a-wordpress-plugin-for-mybloglog Napolux].

=== 2007-01-12 - v0.4 ===
http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/plugin.png A local file cache has been added

http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/script_code.png The whole plugin has been converted from hardcoded values to values that can be changed in Options -> MBLA

=== 2007-01-13 - v0.5 ===
http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/plugin.png  Class options has been added

http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/bug.png Fixed an issue with the size of avatars on trackbacks

=== 2007-01-13 - v0.6 ===
http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/bug.png Fixed an issue where the ghost avatar didn't exist. Now it should use [http://mybloglog.com MyBlogLog]'s default avatar if the user's avatar couldn't be found.

=== 2007-01-14 - v0.7 ===
http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/script_code.png The 'ghost avatar' seemed to rise some questions and since I have no other explanation of calling it a 'ghost avatar' besides my icon looking like a ghost, then I have renamed all occurrences of 'ghost' to 'anonymous'.

http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/plugin.png I have also added an option to see what the cache contains. On the 'Options' -> 'MBLA' page, there should be a '(show current content of cache)' which opens a new page along with the content of the cache. You can delete a single avatar, so it gets updated the next time it is requested on a post/comment or you can delete alle avatars.

=== 2007-01-14 - v0.8 ===
http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/script_code.png The plugin now check if there is a newer version of itself available. It's not automatically installing anything - it's just telling you if there is an update.

=== 2007-01-15 - v0.9 ===
http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/plugin.png Added a feature that lets you use a snapshot of your own site as the avatar of pingback comments (from yourself). In order to use this you have to type in your [http://mybloglog.com MyBlogLog] ID in the options page.

=== 2007-01-17 - v0.10 ===
http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/script_code.png Rewrote the method that avatars are being fetched. I now use PHP's curl-functions instead of file_get_contents().

=== 2007-01-21 - v0.15 ===
http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/plugin.png Added [http://gravatar.com Gravatar] support. Choose which service you would look at first ([http://gravatar.com Gravatar] or [http://mybloglog.com MyBlogLog]), grab the avatar from that service and if there isn't an avatar for the given user there, then try to grab one from the other service. If that service doesn't contain an avatar either, then return the anonymous avatar.

http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/script_code.png Made the plugin a little more intelligent. Now it automaticall downloads the anonymous avatar for each service and afterwards checks a users avatar against those anonymous avatars. This method makes the option "mbl anonymous avatar size" obsolete, so I have removed that.

http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/script_code.png The cache content has also been rewritten in order to handle both types of avatars.
Rewrote major parts of the plugin

=== 2007-01-23 - v0.16 ===
http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/bug.png When I changed the fetch-method in v0.10 I forgot to also change the method where I check for the latest version. This has been fixed now. Thanks [http://itsvista.com Joe]

=== 2007-03-05 - v0.18 ===
http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/bug.png The way I find out if a post is a comment, pingback or an actual post was flawed. Thanks [http://dennys.tiger2.net Dennys] for pointing this out.

http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/script_code.png I have also removed the custom class and style on the anonymous avatar selection list, so styles with i.e. `float: right;` doesn't mess it all up. Dennys also gets the credit for pointing this out.

=== 2007-05-28 - v0.20 ===
http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/script_code.png Widened the automatic cleanup of corrupted/invalid avatars

http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/script_code.png Added support for customizing which URL the avatar links to. There might come more options for this, but right now I can't find think of what more to add.

=== 2007-07-31 - v0.24 ===
http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/script_code.png Major parts of the plugin has been rewritten, including the parts that handle which services it's possible to use. This means that when/if i.e. [http://facebook.com Facebook] decides to add a way of querying avatars, then it should be rather simple to add that to the list of services.

http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/script_code.png The "Avatar Fetch Cycle" has been introduced

http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/script_code.png The available options has been cut down to the most essential, but instead of cutting down on the customization then it's now possible to customize the generated HTML code 100%.

http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/plugin.png Added [http://googlepreview.com GooglePreview]'s avatars which rendered [http://mybloglog.com MyBlogLog] site avatars obsolete. This also means that there is no use for [http://mybloglog.com MyBlogLog] ID anymore.

=== 2007-07-31 - v0.26 ===
http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/script_code.png Rewrote the "Custom Anonymous Avatar" to work as a static service instead of a special anonymous avatar. It doesn't really have to have anything to do with anonymousity.

http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/bug.png Fixed the "Avatar Fetch Cycle" so all boxes work... finally :)

=== 2007-07-31 - v0.27b ===
http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/bug.png Fixed [http://code.google.com/p/mbla/issues/detail?id=3 issue #3]

=== 2007-10-18 - v0.29 ===
http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/plugin.png Added PapyGeek's suggestion as written in [http://code.google.com/p/mbla/issues/detail?id=6 issue #6]

http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/script_code.png Fixed a few things so the code is 100% html compliant

=== 2007-11-02 - v0.29debug_version ===
http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/plugin.png Added a debug feature so it's possible to get a readout with timestamps

=== 2007-11-03 - v0.36 ===
http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/plugin.png Added the debug key to the MBLA option page. The debug feature will only be activated if that debug key is added to the URL like `?debug=xxx` og `&debug=xxx`, where `xxx` is the debug key

http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/script.png Changed the way the anonymous avatar files are fetched, since MyBlogLog has fubar'ed the way that has been handled so far

http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/plugin.png Added Gravatar ratings to the MBLA option page

http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/script_code.png Some functions has gotten a major overhaul which has resulted in lesser function calls and hopefully faster execution time

http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/plugin.png Added some minor error handling statements if any of the function names are already defined which include conflicts with other plugins

http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/script.png Changed the way log files are created. Now a log file will be created for each page that has been called with the debug key. The log files can be viewed from the MBLA Cache Content

=== 2007-11-06 - v0.38 ===
http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/plugin.png Added a filter hook so the plugin is one step closer to work by just activating it. Big thanks to [http://afrison.com Alex] for suggesting this.

http://famfamfam.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/script.png Created default values for the HTML options which brings the plugin yet another step closer to work by just activating it. Big thanks to [http://afrison.com Alex] for suggesting this.